the world is changing rapidly and you
are standing still in today's video we
are going to cover three problems that
are going on right now and what you as
an individual must do about it you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you let's get into it immediately
look you're going to see Jamie demon out
there and he's actually now saying cash
is a valuable asset my friend war in
Buffet he's holding on to this 200
billion dollar of cash what does he know
that you don't uhoh and then on the
other side of the equation you've got
Jimmy boy Kramer if you can buy Tesla at
a discount I would do it it's a whole
new story inverse Kramer index who knows
I'm going to show you several of these
things watch America is entering a new
economic super cycle who do you believe
that's what this is all about but
instead of believing me instead of
believing Jimmy boy Kramer why don't we
look at the actual data that's going to
tell us more than any of this you can
see certain stocks that are swinging
like crazy imagine Tesla in a single day
adding
$149 billion to their market cap it's
absurd Nvidia dethroning apple as the
world's most valuable company this
company over $3 trillion in market cap
why all the attention is on Nvidia and
they've got so much demand I I know that
I've seen the stats there's so much of
it and then the other side you see hedge
funds dump utility stocks at the fastest
Pace in history not everything is going
up what about gold oh wait a second
we're going to talk about that here but
we need to look at the three problems
the three big problems which are really
all connected if you take it back to the
source but most people can't do that I'm
going to show you how we identify that
and and then we're going to look at what
you as an individual should be doing you
could see you don't need much of an
excuse to move the market down but
excuses there were starting with bond
yields oh yes they were supposed to come
down and then they go up well what
happened here is the Federal Reserve
Cuts interest rates and then you see
this rise is likely a reflection of the
fact that the Federal Reserve will cut
interest rates fewer times than
investors had thought uh-oh they're not
going to get zero interest rates again
are we going to have to wait for a
crisis we better get some bad reports
coming out or the Market's going to have
a hissy fit right so here it is the Fed
cuts and this thing goes in the opposite
direction they're not too uh concerned
about that I
guess this is going to connect in with
the next aspect
asml one of the most valuable companies
in the world well the CEO says what does
suppressing China have to do with
National
Security you see what's going on here is
asml because of the United States they
basically couldn't start selling their
equipment to China because it's National
Security and what he's basically saying
is we're not doing anything we're not
stopping anything in fact China has now
achieved 3 nanomer they're not the most
advanced but they said that this would
stop them long long time don't worry
we're going to have so much of a head
start not the case not the case at all
okay you have to understand give me a
second here I'm going to show you about
the tariffs we could do that right
now uh you know Trump threatening a 200%
tariff on vehicles imported from Mexico
how that links in with our three
problems okay you've got this interest
payments of the federal res uh federal
government and you see that they have
skyrocketed we have the three problems
the deficit the fiscal Doom loop as I'll
cover in a second and inflation all of
these three though are really just one
you see you have it here for yourself
the interest payments skyrocketing
absolutely skyrocketing over a trillion
dollars you can't pay that back so who
does HM what does that do to inflation
hang in there world's $100 trillion
fiscal Time Bomb keeps ticking now this
is global but it's the same thing in the
United States when you count for the
unfunded liabilities you've heard the
numbers over 100 trillion dollar and the
government doesn't deny that they just
say no no that stuff is not on our books
weird anyway so we have this fiscal Doom
liop why because the government needs to
spend more money and so they spend that
money money they don't have with the
assumption that somebody's going to buy
it up it's going to be a domestic
individual it's going to be a bank it's
going to be a foreign investor a hedge
fund waren Buffett whoever somebody is
willing to buy up that debt but what
happens when there isn't a
buyer well what you do is you start to
increase that interest rate no buyers at
4% % okay let's do 5% let's do 6 7 8 9
10 that's why you see a lot of
developing nations they have super high
rates many times they have much higher
rates because that's the only way they
can entice people if it was super low
you wouldn't get those buyers coming in
right they would say no thanks I'm going
to stick to the United States I'm going
to stick to some of the developed world
because it's a little more secure so now
you start to have to entice people hey
there's so much of this debt out here I
don't need to you know get it at at 4%
let me let me you know do it at five or
six so this is the problem this is the
fiscal spending Doom Loop hey we need to
spend more money hurry up we need buyers
for this stuff and then you could have a
crisis of confidence who then comes to
buy it up well of course the Federal
Reserve the Federal Reserve will be the
buyer of Last Resort you've heard that
before individuals because of inflation
this is the third thing are dealing with
this massive
overspend and we're talking about
overspending on vehicles here but that's
just one thing that's one of the key
reasons why many Americans are living
paycheck to paycheck can you can you see
this 65% of adults admitted they were
living paycheck to
paycheck
ridiculous absolutely
ridiculous all
right the way that things are set up are
for you to fail that's why I took the
initiative many years ago to say I'm
going to B burn the Midnight Oil if
that's what it takes in order to ensure
that I have multiple streams of income
most people can't most people
won't but this is what you got to do
empty tables and Rising costs push more
restaurants into bankruptcy understand
that small businesses are dealing the
same situation too you have to think
outside the box you have to
act now we're not being proactive
anymore we're being reactive so get
stuff
straight whether it's because of
terrorists whether it's because of taxes
whether it's whatever it doesn't matter
something's going to hit you and it
already has but it's going to be a like
a pile on in a football game a rugby
match where you're going to have to deal
with that and you're not prepared don't
be like that okay we need to take it
action you're watching the money GPS I'm
sure you are how do we do so pillars of
prosperity two things number one become
more self-sufficient
number two increase your income as best
you can you see gold gold is showing
what Nvidia stock is not like there's
two very opposing things here gold
hovers near fresh record on Mid East and
election uncertainty gold stratospheric
rise signals disaster ahead for the
world financial
order and that brings us to this we are
in a very different time I'll show you
this really quickly three things brick
Summit members the discuss Financial
plans as Putin calls for USD
alternative and there was this you know
like oh there's this new currency not
exactly okay so President Putin uh
presents a bank note of a single bricks
currency which replaces the dollar here
it
is it's symbolic this is not current
this is not the currency they're not
going to start using this right now it's
symbolic to say we are not in the mood
for US dollars we don't want that okay
he keep sanctioning all of us and we
don't want any part of that this is us
we are together so what is that signal a
multi-polar world order that's his words
a multi-polar world order they're going
to do away with the US Financial system
does that mean that the US dollar is
going to crash tomorrow does that mean
the US banking system is over and done
no but what it does mean is the changes
are coming The Good the best days the
good old days they're behind us more
inflation is going to come more
difficulty is going to come and the
chance of a
revitalization is very small slim to
none so don't hope for that don't don't
plan for that hope he hope for the best
right but don't plan for that plan for a
situation in which you're going to have
some difficulty and then hopefully
you'll be able to turn it around if you
want to know uh what to do right away I
got this Finance Friday giveaway where
you can hear it directly from me for 2
hours on this Friday right now you're
hearing this you can join me for two
hours on the finance Friday join the
giveaway totally free after a few days
you will get notified if you won okay
not that many people are are actually
doing it why not get on in learn from me
directly if you want more depth I do
have my own live sessions on Friday and
on Sunday but look this is what you can
do very few things that people people
are are actually taking action on we
have a minute here let's talk about it
number one number one thing is that you
got to reduce your expenses anywhere you
can anywhere you can look at everything
get all the line items go through it and
X those off do you need 17 different
streaming services probably not stick to
one and that's it look at the things
that you have in your house that have
some residual value that be honest with
yourself you're not going to use it sell
those things Facebook Marketplace
Craigslist whatever it might take get
rid of those things okay then you could
start to do things on the side do you
know how to bake do you know how to sew
do you know how to fix cars do you know
how to wash windows make some money you
don't have to wait for me to give you
permission but if you want it I'll give
you permission right now go go go do not
delay you should be able to make
$11,000 in the next month so here we are
towards end of October go next month in
November and make a grand you can do it
there's no question no question between
all the things I just mentioned that you
can't make $1,000 right now in the next
month is it sustainable this way no
scaming and Scavenging no no no but you
can do it at least get that okay now you
got a little buffer now what's the next
step I would do things I have many
different things I'm I'm doing all kinds
of things right now I have so many
different businesses but for you you
could start an Amazon business you could
flip products you can fix cars you can
wash whatever it doesn't matter to me if
you want my advice you can come in the
Sunday business live and you could see
that for yourself I've got my course
I've got all these different things
Compass is free take it you start from
there start from Compass the money
gps.com
compass and learn the Bas the absolute
foundational Basics and then you go from
there okay I'm still here even when I'm
sick doing two two live sessions this
weekend two hours each coughing through
the whole thing but I am here I am
committed and I hope that you will find
your situation to be better okay that's
what I want for you you've got to you
know join me on the giveaway there's a
link in the description if you want to
get the giveaway or go to the live the
money gps.com
slive and you could get to me directly
we just had a couple new members join
thank you for joining thank you for
watching this video hit that thumbs up
button and I'll see you next time take
care